FQM-308/309/319: Add tests for unrecognized elements (#85)
inferno-framework/davinci-crd-test-kit: docs/Running-Suites-Against-Each-Other.md

- Client test 2.1.2.01 will fail because the CRD client simulation in the Server suite does not automatically update the Bundle with
  resource updates in `systemActions`.
- The server tests will fail as expected because no responses were sent by the client suite.

> - Client tests validating that the hook requests conform to the logical model will fail because the server suite sends requests with unexpected fields to verify that the server ignores them.

Reviewer: Specifically the 3rd, 4th, and 5th requests because the server suite job that invokes hook requests submits extra versions of the first request for:
- no coverage-info (pass)
- unknown config (fail)
- unknown context (fail)
- unknown root (fail)

```suggestion
- Client tests 1.2.x.3.01 validating that the hook requests structure and content will fail with errors on the 3rd, 4th, and 5th requests only because the server suite purposefully sends non-conformant requests with unexpected fields to verify that the server ignores them.
```

Author: The third request does not fail because the logical model doesn't set expectations on the configuration contents.
